You have all of your script pieces together--you can combine them to make basically a template that
use for any script you're going to write in the future, and then you'll have all this stuff set to
go.
So we're going to use 'cat' here in the real intended way by 'cat'ing a bunch of files together and then
making a new file out of them.
And then from there, we can go and just delete some of the stuff that we don't need.
So I think we want the version.sh, the usage.sh, the trap.sh
and then the detect_os.sh, we're just going to put that into a new file.
So we'll say
this is a template.
Delete that... 'version' is good to have,
but I think with this we can 'echo'  just the version.
There, we'll just leave it as an 'echo' statement so you can add stuff later if you want.
[To self] There's that.  That's just a repeat.
That's a repeat.
There you go.
'usage' is good.
The expressions for help and version, that's good.
Oh, and this one should actually go at the top.
Put that there.
More duplicate there...
usage..version...
Directory and log files we want.
And then our little OS detection is good to have in here.
And we'll just say 'do stuff here
functions, and other code'
We'll see how good of a editing job I did.
Sweet.
Yep , so now there's a nice little template file.  I'll just cat that out so you can see it all and they'll just go
for each one again.
So the 'trap' this will if somebody hits Control+C, it sends this signal--signal interrupt and then
it'll just put this message that it's canceling.
This is our 'version' function.
We have a global variable here for version 1.0 and then the version function.
Just prints it out.
We have a cleanup function.
You can pass it a local directory and then it will echo a message that it's running clean up.
So right here you would put your--uh, what folders you would want to do or move stuff or copy stuff, whatever
you need to do.
Here's your usage line.
So anything you want to show up in the usage of the help, you will put a comment and a slash and then
you can add stuff to this usage line here.
And then you can add as many of these lines as you want.
And that's what this usage function will do:
it will look for any line, starting with a comment and a slash, and then it will print the message
that you have written with this 'cut' command.
These two expressions
just check for these double dash syntax flags for '--help'
and 'version', and then it runs those functions.
This is a variable for getting the directory that the script is running in, and then it makes a read
only variable.
And makes a log file with the same name as the script.
There's three functions here for info, warning, and debugging, so if you're working in some errors
into your script, you can say 'warn' and then an error message.
And if you just want to print something out, you can say 'info'
and this will show it on the screen and
send it out to the log file.
And then here's your 'if' statement for your OS.
So if it's Linux, you can do special Linux stuff there.
If it's macOS and then if it doesn't find anything, it'll just exit.
And then you have a 'case' statement here in case you want to set some variables.
Do specific stuff for Linux, so these two are similar.
So this one is I usually use is just like a first check and then the next part of the script I'll do
is I'll check--
you know, if I need a set, specific variables or certain commands--you can do all that stuff here
and then then you can do the rest of your code where you can write your own functions, all sorts of
stuff.
So that's a pretty good template.
You have to start writing some scripts in the future.